Applifast Windows development preview

1. Quit the older build using its tray menu. Closing its window leaves it running.
2. Extract this folder and run Applifast.exe. Keep the files together.
3. Keep developer-token.txt beside Applifast.exe. The app loads its token
   automatically, then offers Sign in with Apple. Enter credentials only in
   Apple's popup. Saved listener authorization is reused until you sign out.
   No tester Developer Program membership or commands are required.
4. If the app token expires, get a fresh preview from the maintainer and extract
   all its files. BUILD.txt records its expiry. Advanced token import remains in
   Settings and on setup errors. Never package or distribute the .p8 signing key.

This preview requires Windows x64, the installed Evergreen WebView2 runtime,
an Apple Music subscription and an unexpired developer token. It is a debug
build, not a public release. Its inherited --version is still spotifast 0.12.0.
The app uses separate Applifast settings and Windows Credential Manager entries.

Try restart restoration: play a song, add a few queue entries (including a
repeat), seek, then Quit from the tray. Reopen: the loaded song library, exact
queue, current song, position, shuffle and repeat should return, paused.
The library refreshes in the background. Sign-out removes the account snapshot.
Audio is streamed. Collection detail pages still load when opened.

Ctrl+M toggles the mini player. L or Ctrl+Shift+K opens Now Playing; Esc returns.
Enable Ambient Pulse in Appearance. It is decorative, not an audio analyser.
Reduce motion stops its animation. Ambient Pulse is off by default.

Preview the design without signing in or changing your library from PowerShell:
  .\Applifast.exe --demo --demo-page liked --demo-show queue,ambient-pulse

Try playlist creation with the library + button or Save as a playlist in the
queue. Queue saving preserves repeats. Creation writes to your Apple library;
if an error is ambiguous, check the library before retrying to avoid a duplicate.
Apple may take a few seconds to show the new playlist and its songs.
Demo-only states: --demo-show playlist-saving, playlist-created or playlist-error.

Add songs through Add to playlist in their menu or by dropping them on a writable
sidebar playlist. An album's menu offers Add to playlist, including New playlist;
every album track page loads first. Right-click the queue's Save as a playlist
button to add its current and upcoming songs to an existing playlist.
Only Apple playlists marked writable are offered. Repeated songs are preserved,
with Add anyway confirmation for songs already in the destination.
Demo-only states: --demo-show playlist-appending, playlist-appended,
playlist-append-error or playlist-duplicates.

Songs offers Show only favorites for loaded songs Apple marks as favorites.
Missing flags stay unknown. Favorite metadata stays in the existing restart cache;
refresh Songs for changes made in Apple Music. Known favorites show read-only
hearts in rows and the player bar. Appearance controls how many favorites appear
in the sidebar; Show all favorites opens their page. Favorite editing is pending.
Demo: --demo-show favorites-page. Fresh-Windows-account sign-in, full library
refresh and restart restoration still need acceptance.
Real-account creation, appending, permissions and uploaded members need acceptance.
Cloud-only uploads are never replaced with catalog songs; their playback is
not guaranteed. Runtime restart/window checks and the gaming soak are pending.
See https://github.com/jackkayser2005/applifast/tree/feat/apple-bundled-token
for the source and docs/applifast/listening-slice.md for exact validation status.

Applifast is an MIT-licensed fork of Spotifast by Carmine Paolino.
The accompanying LICENSE preserves upstream credit.
